Add image automation components hint to docs (#837)
fluxcd/flux2: docs/guides/image-update.md

export GITHUB_USER=<your-username>
```

## Install/Update Flux

!!! hint "Enable image automation components"

>     Image automation components are not installed by default. If you bootstraped your flux before without `--components-extra=` arguemnt, you need to add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Image automation components are not installed by default. If you bootstrapped your flux before without `--components-extra=` argument, you need to add
```

Author: thx ;)

>     `--components-extra=image-reflector-controller,image-automation-controller` to you bootstraping routine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `--components-extra=image-reflector-controller,image-automation-controller` to your bootstrapping routine.
```
